Add docs for using the Kubernetes monitor on self-hosted instances (#2755)
OctopusDeploy/docs: src/pages/docs/kubernetes/live-object-status/troubleshooting/index.md

Some firewalls may prevent the applications from making outbound connections over non-standard ports. If this is preventing the Kubernetes monitor from connecting to your Octopus Server, configure your environment to allow outbound connections.

> For customers running a self-hosted instance, ensure that Octopus Server's `grpcListenPort` parameter is configured to be 8443, or that the Kubernetes monitors `server-grpc-url` parameter has been updated to match.

Reviewer: Nit monitor should be a possessive noun, and it's better to be more explicit stating that the url parameter has to be updated to match.
```suggestion
For customers running a self-hosted instance, ensure that Octopus Server's `grpcListenPort` parameter is configured to be 8443. If using a port other than 8443, ensure the Kubernetes monitor's `server-grpc-url` parameter has been updated to match.
```
